‪["Mfaz' omnyama" playing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
‪[music softens]
‪[Joyce] ‪Introducing our latest collection.
‪crafted with botanical blends
‪-and pure essential oils.
‪-[shutter clicking]
‪-Each product turns your bath…
‪-[chuckling]
‪…into a ritual.
‪Ivory Oasis Baths.
‪your sanctuary reimagined.
‪You know.
‪I have played second fiddle
‪-to this woman for far too long…
‪-[applauding]
‪…and I'm tired.
‪-I've had enough.
‪-[sighs]
‪[clicks tongue] Polygamy.
‪my friend. it's messy.
‪You know. what would be good for her
‪and everyone else.
‪is if she issues
‪that press release on Friday.
‪So that's why she delayed
‪the press release.
‪It's because of the launch.
‪My collaboration with Ivory Oasis Baths
‪has truly.
‪-truly been a match made in heaven.
‪-[shutter clicking]
‪Since we started working together.
‪-we've just been trending and trending…
‪-[Jonasi chuckles]
‪and we've been
‪crashing sales records while we're at it.
‪-[Jonasi] Mmm. Mmm.
‪-Hey?
‪[phone beeping]
‪Whoa.
‪-[mouths words] There we go.
‪-[phone chimes]
‪And I do not doubt for one second…
‪-[phone chiming]
‪-…that the new glow-up bath bombs
‪we're launching
‪are going to do just the same.
‪-[phones chiming]
‪-So. ladies and gentlemen.
‪please enjoy the new glow-up bath bombs
‪-from Ivory Oasis Baths.
‪-[phone chimes]
‪-There we go.
‪-[gasps]
‪-[phones chiming]
‪-[clears throat]
‪Smile for the camera. Joyce.
‪Is this true?
‪-[murmuring]
‪-[shutter clicking]
‪[phones chiming]
‪Have you seen this. guys?
‪[murmuring continues]
‪[laughs]
‪I was going to make
‪an official announcement.
‪Uh. I'd like the whole of South Africa
‪to congratulate me.
‪I've welcomed my sister-wife.
‪Matipa Gomora.
‪[reporter] So what about the kids?
‪-[chuckles]
‪-There you go.
‪Oh. Yes. that is true.
‪We've welcomed not one. but two babies.
‪-[reporter] Twins?
‪-[Joyce] Twins.
‪More love lives at the Gomoras.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-That's all. Let's go.
‪-Thank you.
‪-Thank you. Thank you.
‪-Ugh. She's so sly. She's so sly.
‪-Whoa. Whoa.
‪Whoa. friend.
‪[sighs]
‪[both laugh]
‪-[birds chirping]
‪-[dogs barking]
‪THERE'S TROUBLE IN SODOM AND
‪…GOMORA LOL
‪-[clicks tongue. groans]
‪-[phone locks]
‪Whatever.
‪[Jonasi] Menzi.
‪Mpume.
‪Where are these kids?
‪Where are you going?
‪-Where are you going. Mpume?
‪-I'm going to Lindani.
‪[Jonasi] It's Sunday today.
‪-You know the tradition.
‪-[mocks]
‪-[Freedom] Hey. Mpume.
‪-[Mpume scoffs] Leave me alone.
‪What are you doing here?
‪Gomora.
‪[Menzi] What's up. Free?
‪-[Freedom] Hey. my brother.
‪-[Menzi] You're already here. bro.
‪-[pants] Are you good?
‪-All good. boy. What's up?
‪-I'm good. man.
‪-Great.
‪-Let's go.
‪-Yeah. let's go.
‪Where are you going?
‪Uh. no. we're going to church.
‪Yeah. we're going to church.
‪We will even say a little prayer for you.
‪Gomora.
‪You can leave.
‪I'll stay here with my wife.
‪Just the two of us.
‪And where are you off to?
‪I have brunch with Thembi.
‪But you know that today is Sunday.
‪We have barbeques on Sundays.
‪You know that.
‪-Oh.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪Go ahead and do it then. braai master.
‪Enjoy.
‪Excuse me.
‪[car chimes]
‪[car door opens. closes]
‪[engine revs]
‪Ma. this… this is so childish.
‪I don't see the reason for me to be here.
‪You have Google and Jonasi
‪who tell you everything you need to know.
‪Okay. so all this drama
‪that you're causing
‪is because I decided
‪to marry a man that I love?
‪Call me when you really need me.
‪Goodbye. my dear.
‪Oh. hello. Ma.
‪[scoffs]
‪[Freedom] ‪Ah. that Jonasi.
‪Your father loves you so much.
‪he gave you another mother.
‪[machine whirring]
‪-What's funny about that?
‪-[chuckles] Come on. bro.
‪You think this shit
‪that Jonasi is doing is funny?
‪You see that hate and anger
‪you have in your heart right now?
‪I want you to direct it at your father.
‪Because you are all in this mess
‪because of your father.
‪Don't forget that. my guy.
‪[Jonasi] ‪What made you think
‪it was a good idea
‪-to post our affairs on social media?
‪-Okay.
‪Right now my family
‪has turned its back on me.
‪At the same time. everyone
‪is trolling Joyce on social media.
‪Joyce is dealing with a lot.
‪Everything is--
‪[groans] Enough about Joyce already!
‪Everyday it's Joyce this. Joyce that.
‪Joyce… Fucking Joyce.
‪Give me a break.
‪I might even end up dreaming about her.
‪Here's what you'll dream about.
‪That's my wife.
‪You need to respect her
‪because she's my first wife.
‪Understand?
‪When you say I need to respect her.
‪do you mean I have to
‪conform to all her rules…
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪-…and all the Ts and Cs that she brings?
‪-You can forget about that.
‪-[babies crying]
‪-Where are you going?
‪-[crying continues]
‪You woke the kids up.
‪Who's gonna put them back to sleep?
‪Oh. so I woke them up?
‪You're the one shouting here.
‪Do you want me to just stick around and
‪listen to you bitching about everything?
‪-[scoffs]
‪-You're crazy.
‪Hey. Jonasi.
‪Hey. Jonasi. you gonna
‪leave them crying?
‪[crying continues]
‪[phone chimes]
‪[Joyce. on phone] ‪Hi. Mapaseka.
‪I'm sure you've already seen the news.
‪I'd like to go ahead
‪with the interview tomorrow. please.
‪[phone chimes]
‪Menzi.
‪Yes. Uh. is it okay if I come in?
‪Did your mother send you here?
‪No. No. no. It… It wasn't my ma.
‪I just wanted to see my little sisters.
‪But only if that's okay with you.
‪[stammers] Yeah. sure. Please come in.
‪Oh. Thank you.
‪-[crickets chirping]
‪-[dogs barking]
‪[baby babbling]
‪[Menzi] Hello. Hey.
‪Who wants a kissy?
‪Who wants a kissy? You want a kissy?
‪Hmm? Ah.
‪-Who loves me more?
‪-[door opens]
‪-Huh?
‪-[babies babbling]
‪[chuckles]
‪Yo. They're so beautiful.
‪They remind me
‪of Nkazimulo when he was a baby.
‪Thank you. Menzi.
‪[sighs] I don't even think
‪I would've gotten a chance
‪to take a shower if you hadn't arrived.
‪-[phone ringing]
‪-[sighs]
‪-Excuse me.
‪-[phone chimes]
‪-[phone locks]
‪-[ringing stops]
‪Uh. I'm sure it's nothing important.
‪I'll call them back.
‪-[door closes]
‪-[keys jingle]
‪Joyce.
‪[singsongy] Joycie.
‪Are you sleeping?
‪Are you awake? Joyce.
‪[sighs. inhales]
‪I'm ready for you. [exhales]
‪Mm-mmm. Jo.
‪I have a headache.
‪What about my head? Hmm?
‪[groans] Jo. stop.
‪[sighs. clicks tongue]
‪[exhales sharply. groans]
‪I'll handle it myself.
‪[inhales sharply]
‪[exhales]
‪[Jonasi moans]
‪[Mapaseka. on tablet] ‪Two decades later.
‪and you still have this effect
‪on each other?
‪What's your secret?
‪-[Jonasi]‪ Love. Mmm.
‪-[Mapaseka]‪ Hmm.
‪-[Joyce] ‪Unconditional love.
‪-[Jonasi] ‪Exactly.
‪In the good and the bad times.
‪[both] Angels & Demons.
‪-[Jonasi] ‪Yes.
‪-[Joyce] ‪Mm-hmm.
‪[Mapaseka] ‪Wow. elaborate.
‪True love conquers all adversity.
‪-Yeah.
‪-Mmm.
‪And that. you know. is the secret.
‪-‪I'm telling you.
‪-[Joyce chuckle]
‪-[Jonasi. Joyce kiss]
‪-[Jonasi] ‪That's it.
‪So by "demons."
‪who exactly did you mean?
‪-Matipa?
‪-[chuckles]
‪Of course not.
‪No. when we're talk about Matipa.
‪we're talking about an angel.
‪-Is she?
‪-Yes. yes.
‪When we talk about love
‪for Black people. Black love…
‪-Mmm.
‪-…we're talking about something different.
‪It comes in different shapes
‪and in different forms.
‪and polygamy is one of those forms.
‪Joyce.
‪we've watched you over the years.
‪We know what your marriage means to you.
‪Now. to have to invite another woman
‪into your sacred space?
‪You know. sometimes things change.
‪People's needs change.
‪Hold on. so you agreed
‪to your husband needing another woman?
‪Well. no. We wanted to grow our family.
‪And. yes. I admit
‪it wasn't an easy decision.
‪But at the end of the day.
‪this is what we decided on.
‪What we did doesn't scare me at all.
‪Not as much as the reaction
‪we are getting from South African people.
‪-[scoffs]
‪-[Joyce. on phone] ‪My goodness.
‪Isn't this our culture?
‪Let's not forget that our forefathers
‪and their forefathers
‪did the very same thing that we're doing.
‪But now that we're doing it
‪as the Gomoras. everyone is up in arms.
‪Because all of a sudden it was done
‪by people who are prominent?
‪High-profile people like us. the Gomoras?
‪-No. that's not right.
‪-[clicks tongue]
‪-[Freedom groans]
‪-[Essie scoffs]
‪-[Freedom] Hey. how's it going?
‪-We're not white people from Europe.
‪-You haven't seen my shirt?
‪-[shushes]
‪-They need to view us as South Africans…
‪-Stop it. you're disturbing me.
‪-Why? What's going on?
‪-…and not as Europeans.
‪[Essie] It's Joyce.
‪[Mapaseka] Your husband
‪is marrying another woman.
‪A younger woman at that.
‪And a woman who's just given him
‪two brand new babies.
‪You're okay with that?
‪He worked very hard
‪to build the empire we have today.
‪The legacy of Gomora.
‪Adding children to that is…
‪It ensures that
‪this legacy of ours expands.
‪Aren't you tired of your obsession
‪with Aunt Joyce. Ma?
‪Day and night you go on about her.
‪"Aunt Joyce this and that."
‪-It's annoying now.
‪-What the hell?
‪And what's your problem?
‪I could be asking you. Ma.
‪what is your problem exactly?
‪Here we go. They're talking about
‪the Gomora kids again.
‪But Sarah Gomora. no.
‪I've never heard anything about Sarah.
‪Hmm? A whole 19 years. Ma?
‪So here's what's going to happen.
‪-When I pass my exam. Mum…
‪-[car stops]
‪-…we're doing a coming-of-age ceremony.
‪-[car door opens]
‪-My real biological father…
‪-[car door closes]
‪…has to honor me in front of everyone.
‪-[door opens]
‪-Isn't that fair. huh?
‪-[footsteps approaching]
‪-[Magesh] Uh…
‪Hello. What's going on?
‪Ugh.
‪And then? What's going on?
‪We need to talk about Sarah.
‪[Mapaseka] So. we all know
‪that polygamy is a slippery slide.
‪It's Matipa now.
‪and then there'll be another woman.
‪and then there'll be another one.
‪Are you saying you are really.
‪really okay with that?
‪[shutter clicking]
‪You know. you mentioned
‪earlier in our conversation
‪that Matipa is still very young.
‪-Mmm.
‪-[Joyce] She's in her youth.
‪You know what that means right?
‪That means she can still
‪give birth to more children.
‪And. who knows? If we're lucky.
‪she may give birth to quadruplets.
‪Ugh. She's crazy.
‪So she's saying I'm here
‪to be a baby-making machine?
‪[car door closes]
‪[door opens]
‪[door closes]
‪My love.
‪I didn't like how we ended things
‪the last time we spoke.
‪I just wanted to…
‪apologize.
‪Thank you.
‪[sighs]
‪Tell me. what are your intentions?
‪-Hmm?
‪-Are you trying to create a garden
‪with all the flowers
‪you keep bringing here?
‪[chuckles]
‪You know. I just… I just want…
‪I want us to always be happy.
‪That's why I came here to say I'm sorry.
‪-Do you know what I want?
‪-What?
‪I want a white wedding.
‪Oh. You know what I want?
‪-I wanna get laid.
‪-No. no.
‪-[stammers] What's wrong?
‪-I'm serious. I'm not joking.
‪[sighs]
‪It won't happen right away.
‪Yes. the situation is still sensitive.
‪The babies are also too young.
‪Mmm.
‪-Mmm. Okay.
‪-Yeah.
‪So when will it happen?
‪Tell me. will it be once
‪we get the first wife's permission?
‪Enough! Stop!
‪[stammers] You know.
‪before I made you official.
‪-you and I were happy.
‪-Wow.
‪Mmm. But now all you do.
‪you just bitch about every little thing.
‪-Oh. my God. [chuckles]
‪-Yeah.
‪Don't forget that.
‪before you got into this marriage.
‪you were aware Joyce was in the picture.
‪You knew that.
‪Don't forget that.
‪Where are you going?
‪-[Jonasi scoffs]
‪-[Matipa] So you're just gonna leave?
‪Do you even care that your kids
‪have their vaccine shots tomorrow?
‪-[door slams]
‪-[babies crying]
‪[exhales sharply]
‪[door closes]
‪[Joyce pants]
‪Trinity. I'm very sorry.
‪Trinity. I'm so sorry.
‪The traffic out there was so bad.
‪I'm sure you've seen this.
‪I asked you about this Matipa girl.
‪and you lied to me.
‪What? No. I didn't lie to you at all.
‪You asked me about rumors
‪that you yourself couldn't prove.
‪So you had no intentions of
‪telling me about this #moreloveliveshere.
‪despite our contract?
‪I was going to tell you. Trinity.
‪Actually. I was planning on telling you
‪right after the launch.
‪That went to hell after the bad PR
‪that you brought Ivory Oasis Baths.
‪Goodness.
‪When you say bad PR.
‪do you mean how viral you went
‪within minutes of launching?
‪[Trinity] Not the way we wanted to. Okay?
‪You're running around town
‪doing senseless interviews
‪and not even clearing it with me.
‪This campaign is of global appeal.
‪All this drama
‪is making the brand look bad.
‪[Joyce] No. Please stop it now. Please.
‪Wow.
‪Gomora is marrying a second wife.
‪So why is that on me?
‪This is my life.
‪This is my children's life.
‪It's my marriage that's being dragged
‪all over social media.
‪I was fine. I was minding my own business.
‪then I was approached to be a
‪brand ambassador by you.
‪It wasn't the other way around.
‪-I want you to remember that.
‪-I know. but--
‪Then welcome to this chapter
‪of my life. my dear.
‪Get comfortable with it!
‪Come on. now.
‪And listen carefully.
‪I need you to do one thing for me.
‪Let me know if you still want me
‪to be your brand ambassador or not.
‪Or hurry up and let me know
‪if you've decided
‪you'd like to pay me the remainder
‪of my contract.
‪Jeez.
‪Telling me nonsense.
‪-My goodness.
‪-[sighs]
‪[Jonasi] ‪I'm here now. I'm here.
‪I'm not going anywhere.
‪It's me and you now.
‪For good this time.
‪[Mapaseka] ‪Your husband is marrying
‪another woman…
‪[breathing shakily]
‪…a woman who's given him
‪two beautiful babies.
‪[hyperventilating]
‪[sobbing]
‪Mom. are you okay?
‪[sobbing continues]
‪[Mpume] Mmm.
‪Mmm.
‪[sobbing. sniffles]
‪Oh. you don't deserve this. Mom.
‪-[breathing heavily]
‪-You don't.
‪-I'm okay.
‪-Mmm.
‪[shushes]
‪-I'll be okay.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪I'll be all right.
‪[sniffles]
‪And how are you?
‪I mean. if you're going to
‪pretend to be okay.
‪I will too.
‪-[groans]
‪-[sniffles]
‪I see that you're still defending him.
‪This affects all of us. Mom.
‪It's not just you.
‪Oh. Baby. I'm sorry.
‪[chuckles]
‪He's a fool for not seeing your worth.
‪[knocks on door]
‪[dogs barking]
‪-Oh? [chuckles]
‪-[Jonasi chuckles]
‪-Hello.
‪-MaQwabe.
‪-How are you?
‪-[sighs] I'm good.
‪How are you doing?
‪-We're good.
‪-Uh-huh. [sniffs]
‪-Hmm. Did you cook?
‪-Mmm.
‪-Keep it down. You shouldn't be here.
‪-[Matipa] Shut up. Shut up.
‪-You always make a noise when you come.
‪-[Matipa] Joyce!
‪-Please calm down.
‪-Are you done?
‪-Joyce!
‪-[Ntombi] Oh. my goodness.
‪-Ma'am. I tried to calm her down.
‪-No. don't worry about it.
‪-Don't worry.
‪-[Ntombi] Oh. gosh.
‪[Joyce] I know how to deal with trash.
‪Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
‪What is your problem? Why do you always
‪make a lot of noise in my house?
‪Aw. Joycie. I thought we're family now.
‪What's mine is yours
‪and what's yours is mine.
‪[Joyce scoffs]
‪What do you want. Matipa?
‪I'm looking for our husband.
‪His children needed him today.
‪-But he decided to be a no-show.
‪-Huh?
‪[chuckles]
‪Are things falling apart for you?
‪[chuckling] Oh. wow.
‪there's trouble in paradise.
‪So tell me. dear.
‪by telling the first wife
‪about this dilemma of yours.
‪tell me what do you
‪want me to do about it?
‪Hmm?
‪-You just love putting on a show.
‪-[chuckling]
‪-I see that.
‪-Let me tell you something. first wife.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪You forget that I know
‪what type of woman you are.
‪You're the blackmailing type.
‪-Oh. okay.
‪-So maybe that's exactly what you did.
‪Oh?
‪You blackmailed him to stay with you.
‪-Oh?
‪-You hate the fact that Jonasi chose me.
‪He chose you? You're the chosen one?
‪-My goodness. Forgive me. chosen one.
‪-[sighs]
‪Please do me a favor.
‪Open your eyes and stop being an idiot.
‪Do you see your husband here? Huh?
‪Is Jonasi in this house?
‪Or maybe you put him on my head?
‪Don't come here with that nonsense.
‪And do me one more favor. Matipa.
‪When you find that man of yours.
‪let him know I'm also looking for him.
‪He needs to explain where he was today.
‪Because he was meant to be
‪at Nkazi's recital.
‪Something I told him about months ago!
‪[exhales sharply]
‪[Essie] So. how are things?
‪Is the new wife treating you well?
‪-[sighs]
‪-Is it that bad?
‪I don't know where to start. [scoffs] Wow.
‪-[Essie scoffs]
‪-Mmm.
‪Mmm!
‪-Wow. My goodness.
‪-Jonasi.
‪-It's delicious.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-Mmm. Mmm.
‪-Is this how you eat now?
‪I'm hungry.
‪-Wow.
‪-[Jonasi] Mmm.
‪Why are you eating like a homeless person
‪while you have a new wife?
‪-Don't they cook at home?
‪-[chuckling]
‪[Essie chuckles] Goodness.
‪I was really hungry.
‪Oh. Please put it away.
‪[Matipa] So you're telling me…
‪he disappeared on the both of us?
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪Looks like it.
‪This guy is here?
‪[both breathing heavily]
‪-Yes. [grunts] Yes.
‪-[moaning]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm